Release v0.50.0-rc.0 (#2515)
perses/perses: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.50.0-rc.0 / 2024-12-17

> This new release introduces a complete review of the migration script.
> Performance improvement and reducing the chaos generated by this script were the key of rewriting the script.
> 
> We also provide many updates about the migration itself,
> covering more use cases raised by the community (and also fixed thanks to you).
> 
> Then we are starting to implement some commands in the CLI for future plugins' development.
> This is part of the new plugin design we are working on.
> 
> Finally, thanks to the community, we have a new panel named `Status History` and the `Table` panel has been improved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release significantly enhances the migration feature with better performance and reduced disruptions, thanks to a complete overhaul of its logic.

We’ve also addressed numerous updates to the migration process itself, incorporating fixes and enhancements to better cover use cases raised by the community - thank you for your contributions!

Additionally, we’ve begun implementing new CLI commands to lay the groundwork for future plugin development, as part of the updated plugin design we’re actively working on.

Finally, thanks to the community again we’re introducing a new Status History panel, and the Table panel has been enriched with multiple improvements.
```

- [FEATURE] Status History panel (#2403)
- [FEATURE] new CLI command for plugins development (#2410) (#2459) (#2471)
- [FEATURE] Table panel: columns can be reordered (#2392)
- [ENHANCEMENT] Add yellow mapping from grafana (#2461)
- [ENHANCEMENT] Update text migration (#2465)
- [ENHANCEMENT] Full rewrite of the migration script (#2481)
- [ENHANCEMENT] Migrate defaultValue (#2406)
- [ENHANCEMENT] Table: add default column sorting (#2482)
- [ENHANCEMENT] Table panel: migrate custom column ordering via "organize" transformation (#2419)
- [ENHANCEMENT] Add search in metric finder + new option for a hiding panel (#2466)
- [ENHANCEMENT] Add sparkline migration (#2463)
- [ENHANCEMENT] CLI/DAC: return a success message after writing a diff files (#2464)
- [ENHANCEMENT] Table: add default column width setting (#2446)
- [ENHANCEMENT] Prefix dashboard display name when using dac preview command (#2460)
- [ENHANCEMENT] Add PieChart migration (#2449)
- [ENHANCEMENT] Table: add column sorting (#2450)
- [ENHANCEMENT] Table: best-effort migration of fieldConfig.overrides to columnSettings (#2443)

> - [ENHANCEMENT] Add cell focus on hover (#2442)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ENHANCEMENT] Table: Add cell focus on hover (#2442)
```
